docs: removed offensive word (#17)
npm/registry: docs/responses/package-metadata.md

## Abbreviated metadata format

> This form of the package metadata exists to provide a smaller payload designed to support installation. It contains a subset of fields from the full metadata set. The top-level fields are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This form of the package metadata exists to provide a smaller payload designed to support installation. It contains an allow list of fields from the full metadata set. The top-level fields are:
```
